# Hypertasking

Are you fed up with the state of to-do list apps? Do you feel like you're not getting enough done? Fear not. Hypertasking is coming.

Hypertasking aims to be the best to-do list app out there. Not the simplest, not the quickest, and not the most fully-featured hunk of junk. Just the best. So if you want a to-do list app that provides a truly productive experience, stick around for further updates.

## What is hypertasking all about?

Good question. Hypertasking, the concept, is a state of mind and body that's super-productive. It's about finding and exploiting that hidden zone between rushing and slogging, that perfect balance between too much and not enough. Hypertasking is a marvellous, pumping flow that almost seems to carry you along through a list of concrete and manageable tasks. When you're hypertasking, you're unstoppable.

When I set out to make this app, I wanted to make something that would easily allow people to get into this high-throughput mode without worrying too much about the limitations or capabilities of the the task management system they're using. I wanted to help people recreate the conditions that allow them to complete lots and lots of tasks in rapid succession, not just become a place to dump a large, disorderly list of things to do. In order to do this, I've set out some goals for this project.

## The vision of Hypertasking

+ Style, ease, quality, [velocity, design, comfort](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velocity\_:\_Desig\_:\_Comfort)
+ A well-organized interface for planning, gearing up, and zipping through tasks
+ Customizable without being fiddly and wasting all your time
+ Automatic reminders based on location and time so you can clear your head and focus
+ Prioritization, so you know what's important
+ Unique special sauce

## What next?

Hypertasking is constantly being improved, and you'll see the changes as they come. Follow @[hypertasking](http://twitter.com/hypertaskingapp) on Twitter to stay updated, or fork this repository if you think I'm not moving fast enough.
